[OSS in Business] Created a Roadmap.md (#525)
todogroup/ospology: whitepapers/business-value/Roadmap.md

> ## OSS for Business Whitepaper Roadmap! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## OSS for Business Whitepaper Roadmap
```

More Context for reviewing purposes.\

> Contributors working on the OSS in Business Whitepaper will require a roadmap that will provide additional guidance, establish an estimated timeline and track milestones achieved overtime. This roadmap will be made publicly accessible and linked to the readme.md and Contribution.md files.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributors working on the OSS in Business Whitepaper can use this roadmap that establishes an estimated timeline and track milestones achieved overtime. This roadmap is linked to the readme.md file.
```

> The roadmap file entails the following details in a structured format with the tag of the group leads responsible for specific sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roadmap file entails the following details in a structured format with the tag of the group leads responsible for specific sections.

|    | **Phase**                | **Timeline**          | **Tasks**                                                                                                                                                           |
|----|---------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ✅ | Initial Discussions       | May - September 2024 | <ul><li>Conduct initial group meetings, discussions, and orientation during touchpoint calls.</li><li>Gather group feedback and gauge interest in participation.</li><li>Formalize the proposal and share it with the Steering Committee (SC) to request the creation of an official working group.</li></ul> |
| ✅ | Working Group Setup       | September - December 2024 | <ul><li>Establish the working group.</li><li>Define the whitepaper outline and set the overall mission statement.</li><li>Set up the working repository and communication channels.</li></ul> |
| 🗂️ | Chair Recruitment         | January - February 2025 | <ul><li>Recruit group chairs for each section.</li><li>For each section, chairs need to work with group participants to define the scope, milestones and preferred format for gathering and publishing content in the working repository.</li></ul> |
| 🗂️ | Monthly Progress          | March - September 2025 | <ul><li>Chairs present their group’s progress during monthly touchpoint meetings starting in March.</li><li>Document group progress and share updates with the TODO Steering Committee for review, guidance, and support as needed.</li><li>Include new terms introduced during content creation in the glossary.md file as they appear.</li></ul> |
| 🗂️ | Resource Aggregation      | September - October 2025 | <ul><li>Schedule a special working group meeting with all chairs and project managers to finalize resource aggregation and merge all sections into a comprehensive whitepaper.</li><li>Share a draft version of the whitepaper (not proofread) with the SC for final review.</li></ul> |
| 🗂️ | Proofreading & Design     | October - December 2025 | <ul><li>Transfer the whitepaper to a Google Doc for the LF staff to proofread and design, ensuring adherence to TODO brand guidelines.</li><li>LF staff coordinate the distribution of the final whitepaper PDF across LF communication channels.</li></ul> |

```

Reviewer: @harmonyelendu  included some of the milestones that were already accomplished in 2024 (e.g working group formation, mission statement, etc)

> The roadmap file will entail the following details in a structured format with tag of group leads responsible for specific sections.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roadmap file entails the following details in a structured format with the tag of the group leads responsible for specific sections.
```

Suggested format: 

>  <summary><h2> Engineering Driven vs Business Driven in Open Source </h2></summary>

Reviewer: Why not using the titles from the outline as tags instead?

 
- Overview

> - Engineering Driven Projects

Reviewer: Since the main goal of the guide is to show the value of open source to business managers, and those teams who are not engineering driven, I think this section is not so critical for this project, but more "business-driven projects" / "business use cases"

Author: This was me showing an example of what it would look like. The contents and milestones will be determine by the working group in general.

| 🗂️ | Monthly Progress          | March - September 2025 | <ul><li>Chairs present their group’s progress during monthly touchpoint meetings starting in March.</li><li>Document group progress and share updates with the TODO Steering Committee for review, guidance, and support as needed.</li><li>Include new terms introduced during content creation in the glossary.md file as they appear.</li></ul> |
| 🗂️ | Resource Aggregation      | September - October 2025 | <ul><li>Schedule a special working group meeting with all chairs and project managers to finalize resource aggregation and merge all sections into a comprehensive whitepaper.</li><li>Share a draft version of the whitepaper (not proofread) with the SC for final review.</li></ul> |
| 🗂️ | Proofreading & Design     | October - December 2025 | <ul><li>Transfer the whitepaper to a Google Doc for the LF staff to proofread and design, ensuring adherence to TODO brand guidelines.</li><li>LF staff coordinate the distribution of the final whitepaper PDF across LF communication channels.</li></ul> |

> Suggested format: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Suggested Format for Each Section

When adding content to the working repository, please use Markdown. Each section should correspond to a column shown in our [outline](https://github.com/todogroup/ospology/tree/main/whitepapers/business-value#initial-outline) and have its own separate Markdown file. If the Markdown file has not been created yet, please submit a PR with the new file using the exact name shown below.

File Location  `ospology / whitepapers / business-value /`
📁 ..
├── README.md 
├── glossary.md
├── engineering-vs-business-driven.md 
├── misconceptions-challenges.md
├── communicating-engineering-to-business-value.md
├── business-case-studies.md
├── future-work.md
```

Each md file can be populated using the following suggested format:

 <summary><h2> Engineering Driven vs Business Driven in Open Source </h2></summary>
 
- Overview
- Engineering Driven Projects
- Business Drvien Projects
- Comparisons
- Conclusions
   > Started: 12th January || To be Completed: 20th January || Lead by: @harmonyelendu.

With this structure there will be clear direction for everyone invloved, including the public while serving as a progress check for various groups, group leads and the working group. At the end ensuring a successful completion of the OSS in Business Whitepaper within an estimated timeline.\

> Please note: I'm available for more information or clarity if needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note: I'm available for more information or clarity if needed. 
```
